BD-4860 SMS fallback isn't automatically set up (#9887)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms_mms_rcs/rcs/rcs_setup.md

### Step 2.1: Set up SMS fallbacks for RCS subscription groups

> Because current carrier coverage varies by country, and user hardware and software support varies by individual, SMS fallback is a key component of having a successful RCS program today. We suggest you set up SMS fallback; if a carrier doesn’t support RCS or a user’s device is unable to receive RCS messages, SMS fallback will send your message regardless, so that you never miss an important moment with your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because current carrier coverage varies by country, and user hardware and software support vary by individual, SMS fallback is a key component of having a successful RCS program today. We recommend setting up SMS fallback. If a carrier doesn’t support RCS or a user’s device is unable to receive RCS messages, SMS fallback will send your message regardless, so that you never miss an important moment with your users.
```
